Dangerous products or services
We want to help keep people safe both online and offline, so we don't allow the promotion of some products or services that cause damage, harm or injury.
Examples of dangerous content: Recreational drugs (chemical or herbal); psychoactive substances; equipment to facilitate drug use; weapons, ammunition, explosive materials and fireworks; instructions for making explosives or other harmful products; tobacco products


Examples we have found in our keyword lists are:


marine medical kits
progenex recovery
nitric oxide booster
collagen boosters
oxygen tank holder
douxo micellar solution
gun range hearing protection
bird poison
gun storage rack


Also we want to avoid anything that is:


* Related to smoking/vaping/tobacco.
* CBD products




Enabling dishonest behaviour
We value honesty and fairness, so we don't allow the promotion of products or services that are designed to enable dishonest behaviour.
Examples of products or services that enable dishonest behaviour: Hacking software or instructions; services designed to artificially inflate ad or website traffic; fake documents; academic cheating services


Unable to find any specific examples of this but it’s entirely likely we could find something related to these. These should naturally be filtered out as non ecomm related in any case.




Inappropriate content
We value diversity and respect for others, and we strive to avoid offending users, so we don’t allow ads or destinations that display shocking content or promote hatred, intolerance, discrimination or violence.


Examples of inappropriate or offensive content: bullying or intimidation of an individual or group, racial discrimination, hate group paraphernalia, graphic crime scene or accident images, cruelty to animals, murder, self-harm, extortion or blackmail, sale or trade of endangered species, ads using profane language


I’ve not seen any terms related to this in our ecomm keyword lists but please be aware of it anyway.




Branded Terms 
In addition to these we have decided to filter out any branded terms as we have seen they can sometimes be flagged. We may advertise on these again soon but for now we need to remove them from our keyword lists. Examples of these would be…


womens dr martins
sketcher sandals mens
Macbook air 
Iphone
Nike trainers
Mens north face jacket
Kawasaki motorbike


Misspelled or misleading terms


We have a bunch of keywords where terms have been spelt incorrectly or are intended to match on more popular keywords etc. Examples are…


Eeeebayy
G o o g l e 
Www amazon com 
guucci com
hellllooo kittty




Fake or counterfeit items 


Fairly self explanatory but we also need to be aware that some keywords advertising high end goods could be intended to advertise fake items. Even though our sites won’t have fake or counterfeit products Google can sometimes be a bit trigger happy - keywords we have found are…


Fake Rolex
Prada handbags
Louis Vuitton 
Womens designer clothing